What is the capital of France?
What is the largest continent in the world?
Who wrote the Harry Potter series of books?
What is the currency of Japan?
What is the smallest planet in our solar system?
Who was the first president of the United States?
What is the name of the world's largest ocean?
What is the chemical symbol for gold?
What is the highest mountain in the world?
What is the largest country in the world by land area?
Which country gifted the Statue of Liberty to the United States?
What is the name of the river that flows through Egypt?
Who was the lead singer of the band Queen?
What is the currency of Brazil?
What is the chemical symbol for oxygen?
What is the capital of Spain?
What is the smallest country in the world by land area?
Which country is famous for inventing pizza?
What is the name of the world's tallest animal?
What is the currency of the United Kingdom?
What is the chemical symbol for carbon?
Who won the FIFA Women's World Cup in 2019?
What is the capital of Australia?
Who wrote the book '1984'?
What is the name of the currency used in China?
What is the largest mammal in the world?
What is the chemical symbol for sodium?
Which planet in our solar system has the most moons?
What is the name of the world's largest desert?
What is the name of the first satellite launched into space?
What is the smallest country in the world by population?
Who wrote the famous novel 'Pride and Prejudice'?
What is the name of the currency used in India?
What is the name of the world's largest land animal?
What is the chemical symbol for iron?
Which planet in our solar system is the hottest?
What is the name of the world's largest waterfall?
What is the name of the first man to walk on the moon?
How old was the oldest living person?
Why is the earth round?
Which blood type is a universal donor?
What is the largest bone in the human body?
What country has the highest life expectancy?
Which language has the more native speakers: English or Spanish?
What is the most common surname in the United States?
How many Earths can fit inside the sun?
Most likely to shoplift?
Most likely to forget their best friend's birthday?
A gang of 4 with a dog, solving mysteries.
What is Charlie Brown's catchphrase?
How old is the original mickey mouse?
When was ROBLOX officially founded?
What year was Franz Ferdinand assassinated?
In what year did the Titanic sink?
What is the name of the famous scientist who developed the theory of relativity?
Who painted the famous work of art 'The Starry Night?'
What is the capital of Paraguay?
Who was the first person to circumnavigate the globe?
Who is the author of the novel 'The Great Gatsby'?
What is the name of the famous river that runs through London, England?
What actor played the character 'Walter White'?
What is the chemical formula for Bromine Oxide?
What do groups in the periodic table represent?
What do periods in the periodic table represent?
What is the atomic number of Moscovium?
When did the American Revolution start and end?
What is the historical significance of the Alamo?
When was The Battle of the Alamo?
What year did the Prussian Government fall?
What year did the Zhou Dynasty end?
What year did Mount Vesuvius erupt?
Who led the Roman Empire?
Who created Modern Theatre?
Who leads the Cart Narxs?
What was the #1 game of 2017?
Who led the confederate army?
What year did the ROBLOX April Fools incident occur?
Whats obama's last name?
Who was the 27th president?
Who created the Pyhtagorean Theorem?
Who gave humans fire in Greek Mythology?
